FIX-#458:Add doc for debug_info and checker for lux version (#463)
lux-org/lux: doc/source/guide/FAQ.rst

The Lux Jupyter widget does not show up when I print a dataframe.
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
To check if your luxwidget configuration is set up correctly, please run the following code in your notebook to debug:
  
  .. code-block:: bash
  
    import lux
    lux.debug_info()
  
  We recommend using a simple example to test if your widget is showing correctly:

  .. code-block:: bash
  
    import lux
    import pandas as pd
    df = pd.read_csv("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lux-org/lux-datasets/master/data/college.csv")
    df

> If you receive the output message :code:`❌ IPython shell not available. Please note that Lux must be used within a notebook interface`, please run your code in a notebook interface such as those mentioned in the message.
>   
>   If you receive the output message :code:`❌ WARNING: luxwidget is not enabled in Jupyter Lab.`, run the following code in your terminal to enable luxwidget:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you receive the output message :code:`❌ IPython shell not available.`, please run your code in a notebook interface such as Jupyter notebook, Jupyter Lab, JupyterHub, or VSCode.
  
  If you receive the output message :code:`❌ WARNING: luxwidget is not enabled in Jupyter Lab.`, run the following code in your terminal to enable luxwidget:
```

The Lux Jupyter widget does not show up when I print a dataframe.
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
To check if your luxwidget configuration is set up correctly, please run the following code in your notebook to debug:
  
  .. code-block:: bash
  
    import lux
    lux.debug_info()
  
  We recommend using a simple example to test if your widget is showing correctly:

  .. code-block:: bash
  
    import lux
    import pandas as pd
    df = pd.read_csv("https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lux-org/lux-datasets/master/data/college.csv")
    df

>   If you receive the output message :code:`❌ IPython shell not available. Please note that Lux must be used within a notebook interface
>   (e.g., Jupyter notebook, Jupyter Lab, JupyterHub, or VSCode`, please run your code in a notebook interface such as those mentioned in the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive the output message :code:`❌ IPython shell not available. Please note that Lux must be used within a notebook interface`, please run your code in a notebook interface such as those mentioned in the message.
```
